The proprietors of Quackpad ("Quackpad," "we," "us," or "our") take the private nature of your
information very seriously. This
policy regarding our privacy practices (the "Privacy Policy") describes how we
treat the information we collect when you visit and use quackpad.io (the "Site")
and/or Quackpad's other domains, products, advertising products, services, and/or
content, including our iOS, Android, and Windows Phone mobile applications
(collectively with the Site, the "Services"). When you use the Services, you
also consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and
other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy; please read
it carefully.

What This Privacy Policy Covers

  This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information gathered when you
  are using or accessing the Services. This Privacy Policy also covers our
  treatment of any information about you that our partners share with us or
  that we share with our partners.

  This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we
  do not own, control, or manage, including but not limited to any third party
  websites, services, applications, or businesses ("Third Party Services").
  While we try to work only with those Third Party Services that share our
  respect for your privacy, we don't take responsibility for the content or
  privacy policies of those Third Party Services. We encourage you to carefully
  review the privacy policies of all Third Party Services you access.

What We Collect and How We Use It

  Account Information:

    When you create an account on the Services (an "Account"), we'll ask you
    for information such as your username, password, age, and email address
    ("Account Information"). We may use Account Information, alone or together
    with other information, to enhance and improve the Services, such as by
    personalization. We use your age to verify that you can lawfully use the
    Services. We use your email address to verify your Account and to
    communicate with you, as described in more detail below. We also allow
    users to look for their friends by email address; you can, however, opt out
    of email lookup through your Account Settings.

  Email Communications with Us:

    As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive email and other
    communications from us. Administrative communications relating to your
    Account (e.g., for purposes of Account recovery or password reset) are
    considered part of the Services and your Account, which you may not be able
    to opt-out from receiving. We also may send you other kinds of emails,
    which you can opt-out of either from your Account Settings page or by using
    the "Opt-Out" link in the emails themselves. Note that we will never email
    you to ask for your password or other Account Information; if you receive
    such an email, please forward it to us.

  Information about Your Accounts on Third Party Services:

    You can link your Account to certain Third Party Services. In order to do
    so, you may provide us with your username or other user ID for a Third
    Party Service, and you may then be required to log into that Service. After
    you complete this login process, we will receive a token that allows us to
    access your account on that service so that we can, for example, post your
    content to that service when you ask us to. We do not receive or store your
    passwords for your Third Party Service accounts.

  Information Obtained from Third Party Services:

    In some cases, we partner with Third Party Services that may provide
    information about you. Such information could include, for example, your
    gender, if you have disclosed that information to that third party and made
    it available for Tumblr to access. To the extent we obtain such
    information, we may use it to develop new Services or to improve or enhance
    the Services.

  User Content:

    All content created within a Quackpad team is explicitly linked to a Slack team.
    Any content within a particular team's Quackpad is only visible to other members of
    the corresponding slack team.

  Native Actions:

    The Services allow you to perform native actions that are integral to our
    products, such as viewing a pad or adding content to a pad.We use information 
    about native 
    actions to improve the Services, develop new Services, and, particularly,
    to personalize your Quackpad experience.

  Information About User Content:

    In some cases, we may collect information about content you provide to the
    Services. For example, when it's included as part of your images, we may
    collect information describing your camera, camera settings, or EXIF
    information. This information allows us to improve the Services and provide
    additional features and functionality.

  Financial Information:

    We will sometimes collect financial information, such as information
    related to your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration
    date or other financial information). This happens, when you decide to
    purchase a paid Service. We do not, however, store that financial
    information; such information is stored by our payment processor (the
    "Payment Processor"), and use and storage of that information is governed
    by the Payment Processor's applicable terms of service and privacy policy
    (the Payment Processor may also have other terms, and you are responsible
    for locating and familiarizing yourself with those terms, as applicable).
    We do receive certain information from our Payment Processor: (1) a unique
    token that we connect with your Account to enable you to make further
    purchases using the information stored by our Payment Processor and (2) in
    certain cases, the last four digits of the credit card number associated
    with that token, so that we can prevent fraudulent transactions and
    identity theft.

  Information Related to Use of the Services:

    We collect information about how people use the Services, including those
    with an Account. This type of information may be collected in our log files
    each time you interact with (i.e., make a request to) the Services. We use
    internal tools and third party applications
    and services (like Google Analytics or comScore), to collect and analyze
    this information. Some of this information may also be associated with the
    Internet Protocol Address ("IP Address") used to access the Services; some
    may be connected with your Account; and some may only be collected and used
    in aggregate form (as a statistical measure that wouldn't identify you or
    your Account). We also collect your IP Address when you make a pad. We may use this
    information about how you and others interact with the Services for a
    number of things generally related to enhancing, improving, protecting, and
    developing new Services, including but not limited to: providing users with
    personalized content; providing users with targeted advertising; improving
    our search results; identifying trending or popular content; fighting spam,
    malware, identity theft and generally keeping our users and community safe;
    and for legal and safety reasons as set forth in "Information Disclosed for
    Our Protection and the Protection of Others."

  Information Related to Your Web Browser:

    We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when
    you interact with the Services, such as your browser type and version,
    what sort of device you are using, your operating system and version, your
    language preference, the website or service that referred you to the
    Services, the date and time of each request you make to the Services, your
    screen display information, and information from any cookies we have placed
    on your web browser (as described below). We also sometimes detect whether
    you are using certain web browser extensions and store that information in
    a manner associated with your Account. We use web browser-related
    information to enhance and improve the Services.

  Location Information:

    In some cases we collect and store information about where you are
    located, such as by converting your IP Address into a rough geolocation.
    We may use location information to improve and personalize the Services
    for you.

  Information Related to Your Mobile Device:

    We may collect and store information related to your mobile device. In some
    cases, we
    may receive, generate, or assign your mobile device a unique identifier for
    the purposes described above in “Information Related to Use of the
    Services.” We may also ask you to provide your phone number to enable new
    products and improve the Services, such as by enabling multi-factor
    authentication for Account login. We will always ask you whether it's OK
    for us to collect and store your phone number.

  Information Collected Using Cookies and Web Tags:

    Cookies are text files that may be sent to and saved by your web browser
    when you access a website; your web browser stores these cookies in a way
    associated with each website you visit, and you can generally see your
    cookies through your browser settings, depending on what browser you're
    using. A web tag is code or a pixel embedded in a web page, or email, that
    allows Tumblr or a third party to see that you have looked at that page.
    We use cookies and web tags to enable our servers to recognize your web
    browser and tell us how and when you use the Services, as described above
    in "Information Related to Use of the Services." Our cookies do not, by
    themselves, contain information that personally identifies you, and we
    don't combine the general information collected through cookies with other
    such information to tell us who you are. However, we do use cookies to
    identify that you have logged in, and that your web browser has accessed the
    Services, and we may associate that information with your Account if you
    have one. We may also store unique or near-unique identifiers that we
    associate with your Account in our cookies. This information, in turn, is
    sometimes used as described above in "Information Related to Use of the
    Services." Most web browsers have an option for turning off the cookie
    feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as
    well as (depending on the sophistication of your web browser) allowing you
    to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. If you
    disable cookies, you won't be able to log into your Account, and so won't
    be able to use the vast majority of our Services; as such, we don't
    recommend disabling your cookies when using the Services. Some services
    that we use (including Third Party Services), such as Google Analytics and
    Yahoo Web Analytics, use web tags and may also place their own cookies on
    your browser, and individual blogs on our network may contain code that
    places their own cookies. We also run limited-time studies using web tags,
    sometimes with third parties, to, for example, measure the effectiveness of
    our advertising or email. Note that, unless otherwise disclosed, this
    Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover the use of
    cookies by third parties.

  Derived Information:

    As described above in "Native Actions" and "Information Related to the Use
    of the Services," we analyze your actions on the Services in order to
    derive or infer characteristics that may be descriptive of your Account
    (for example, what kinds of blogs you follow or what kind of posts you
    view, "like", and reblog). We use this information for all of the purposes
    set forth in "Information Related to Use of the Services," above.

With Whom Your Information Is Shared

  We never share information we receive from you unless:

    (a) we have your permission to share that information;

    (b) we have given you prior notice that the information will be shared,
        and with whom; or

    (c) that information is aggregate information or other information that
        does not identify you.

  Information Shared Between the Services:

    We may, if possible, aggregate information about your use of multiple
    Services and use that consolidated information to enhance and improve the
    Services, and to develop new Services.

  Information You Share with Third Party Services:

    You may access Third Party Services through the Services, for example by
    clicking on externally-pointing links. You may also choose to share
    information that you provide to us, like blog posts, with those Third
    Party Services (for example, by sharing posts to Twitter or Facebook).
    This Privacy Policy only governs information we collect and you are
    responsible for reading and understanding those Third Party Services'
    privacy policies.

  Information Shared with Our Agents in Order to Operate and Improve the
  Services:

    In some cases, we share information that we store (such as IP Addresses)
    with third parties, such as service providers, consultants, and other
    agents ("Agents"), for the purposes of operating, enhancing, and improving
    the Services, and developing new products and services. For example, we may
    share information with service providers in order to fight spam, and
    third-party consultants may have access to information in the process of
    improving our processes and technology. Agents with whom we share such
    information for these reasons are generally bound by confidentiality
    obligations and, unless we tell you differently, our Agents do not have any
    right to use information we share with them beyond the scope and duration
    of what is necessary to assist us.

  Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers:

    In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell business assets. In these
    transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred
    business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were
    acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user
    information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by
    a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any
    acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information
    as set forth in this policy.

  Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others:

    We believe in freedom of expression, and, to the extent reasonable, we try
    to protect our community from baseless legal demands. That said, we also
    reserve the right to access, preserve, and disclose any information as we
    reasonably believe is necessary, in our sole discretion, to (i) satisfy
    any law, regulation, legal process, governmental request, or governmental
    order, (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service,
    including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect,
    prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, trust and safety, or
    technical issues (including exchanging information with other companies and
    organizations for the purposes of improving security and preventing fraud,
    spam, and malware), (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect
    the rights, property, health or safety of us, our users, any third parties
    or the public in general, including but not limited to situations involving
    possible violence, suicide, or self-harm.

  Information We Share with Your Consent or at Your Request:

    If you ask us to release information that we have about your Account, we
    will do so if reasonable and not unduly burdensome.

  Information Shared with Other Third Parties:

    We may share or disclose non-private information, Aggregate Information, or
    other non-personally identifying information with people and entities that
    we do business with.

The Security of Your Information

  Your Account Information is protected by a password for your privacy and
  security. We may enable additional security features in the future, like
  multi-factor authentication. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your
  Account and information by creating a unique, secure, and protected password
  and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you
  have finished accessing your Account on the Services.

  We seek to protect your information (including your Account Information) to
  ensure that it is kept private; however, we can't guarantee the security of
  any information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure,
  and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any
  time.

What Information You Can Access

  If you are a registered user, you can access most information associated with
  your Account by logging into the Services and checking your Account Settings
  page. Registered and unregistered users can access and delete cookies through
  their web browser settings.

How to Delete Your Account and What Happens When You Delete Your Account

  If you want to delete your Account, you can do so from your Account Settings
  page or by emailing us and providing proof of authority over the Account.
  What constitutes "proof of authority" will vary depending on the
  circumstances, but generally will require sufficient identifying information
  so that we can be confident you are the Account owner. Deleting your Account
  may not fully remove the content you have published from our systems, as
  caching of, backups of, copies of, or references to your Account Information
  may not be immediately removed. In addition, given the nature of sharing on
  the Services, some of the public activity on your Account prior to deletion
  (such as reblogs of your blog posts) may remain stored on our servers and
  accessible to the public.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

  We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, using the process for
  modifications set forth in our Terms of Service. Use of information we
  collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such
  information is collected.

Where to Direct Questions or Concerns

  If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services,
  please send us a detailed message.

Link to Prior Versions

  You will find a link to prior versions of our Privacy Policy below. We have
  stored these versions on GitHub, which will also allow you to compare
  different versions and see what terms have changed:

  http://github.com/nickgrossman/quackpad-policy/commits/master/privacy-policy.txt