Hello! Welcome to Quackpad's Terms of Service. Please read this carefully before
using our site, services, or products. This is a contract between you and
Quackpad. We've also included several annotations that aren't a part of the
contract itself, but are intended to emphasize key sections and help you follow
the text. We’ve tried to be fair and straightforward. Please feel free to email
us if you have any questions or suggestions!

1. Accepting the Terms of Service

  Please read these Terms of Service
  carefully before using quackpad.io
  (the "Site") and/or the other domains, websites, products, applications,
  mobile applications, services, and/or Content provided by the Quackpad. 
  (all
  of those collectively with the Site, the "Services").  By using or
  accessing the Services, you ("Subscriber" or "you") agree to be bound by all
  the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you don't agree to all the
  terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shouldn't and aren't permitted to
  use the Services.

2. Modifications to this Agreement

  Quackpad reserves the right to modify this Agreement by (1) posting a revised
  Agreement on and/or through the Services and (2) providing notice to you that
  this Agreement has changed, generally via e-mail where practicable, and
  otherwise through the Services (such as through a notification on your Quackpad
  Dashboard or in our mobile applications). Modifications will not apply
  retroactively. You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with
  any modifications to this Agreement.

  We may sometimes ask you to review and to explicitly agree to (or reject) a
  revised version of this Agreement. In such cases, modifications will be
  effective at the time of your agreement to the modified version of this
  Agreement. If you do not agree at that time, you are not permitted to use the
  Services.

  In cases where we do not ask for your explicit agreement to a modified
  version of this Agreement, but otherwise provide notice as set forth above,
  the modified version of this Agreement will become effective fourteen days
  after we have posted the modified Agreement and provided you notification of
  the modifications. Your use of the Services following that period constitutes
  your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified.
  If you do not agree to the modifications, you are not permitted to use, and
  should discontinue your use of, the Services.

  Note that, if you have prepaid for any Paid Services (as defined below) prior
  to a modification of this Agreement, your use of such prepaid Paid Services
  is governed by the version of this Agreement in effect at the time Quackpad
  received your prepayment.

3. Use of the Services

  Eligibility:

    No individual under the age of thirteen (13) may use the Services,
    provide any personal information to Quackpad, or otherwise submit personal
    information through the Services (including, for example, a name, address,
    telephone number, or email address). You may only use the Services if you
    can form a binding contract with Quackpad and are not legally prohibited from
    using the Services.

  Service Changes and Limitations:

    The Services change frequently, and their form and functionality may
    change without prior notice to you. Quackpad retains the right to create
    limits on and related to use of the Services its sole discretion at any
    time with or without notice. Quackpad may also impose limits on certain
    Services or aspects of those Services or restrict your access to parts or
    all of the Services without notice or liability. Quackpad may change,
    suspend, or discontinue any or all of the Services at any time, including
    the availability of any product, feature, database, or Content (as defined
    below). Quackpad may also suspend Accounts (as defined below) at any time,
    in its sole discretion.

  Limitations on Automated Use:

    You may not, without express prior written permission, do any of the
    following while accessing or using the Services: (a) tamper with, or use
    non-public areas of the Services, or the computer or delivery systems of
    Quackpad and/or its service providers; (b) probe, scan, or test any system or
    network (particularly for vulnerabilities), or otherwise attempt to breach
    or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (c) access or search
    or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or
    otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces
    that are provided by Quackpad (and only pursuant to those terms and
    conditions) or unless permitted by Quackpad's robots.txt file or other robot
    exclusion mechanisms; (d) scrape the Services, and particularly scrape
    Content (as defined below) from the Services; (e) use the Services to send
    altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information, including
    without limitation by forging TCP-IP packet headers or e-mail headers; or
    (f) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any
    Subscriber, host or network, including, without limitation, by sending a
    virus to, spamming, or overloading the Services, or by scripted use of the
    Services in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden
    on the Services.

4. Registration, Quackpad URLs, and Security

  As a condition to using certain of the Services, you may be required to
  create an account (an "Account") and select a password and Quackpad username,
  which will serve as a default link to your default Quackpad blog of the form
  [username].Quackpad.com (a "Quackpad URL"). You must select a different Quackpad
  URL for each new blog you create.

  You agree to provide Quackpad with accurate, complete, and updated registration
  information, particularly your e-mail address.

  You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account
  password and for the security of your Account, and you will notify Quackpad
  immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or unauthorized use of
  your Account or Account password.

5. Privacy

  For information about how Quackpad collects, uses, and share your information,
  please review our Privacy Policy. You agree that by using the Services you
  consent to the collection, use, and sharing (as set forth in the Privacy
  Policy) of such information, including the transfer of this information to
  the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing, and use by
  Quackpad and the Quackpad Affiliates (as defined below).

6. Paid Services

  Some of the Services require payment of fees (the "Paid Services"). 
  All fees are stated in United States
  dollars. You shall pay all applicable fees, as described in the applicable
  Services, in connection with such Services, and any related taxes or
  additional charges.

  Paid Services are limited licenses for you to use particular for-pay aspects
  of the Services. Usage of terms like sell, sale, buy, purchase, or similar
  terms all refer to your acquisition of a license to use Paid Services, and
  do not represent any transfer of any right, title, or ownership interest of
  any kind. You may not relicense, resell, transfer, or exchange Paid Services
  within or outside of the Services, except as expressly allowed by the rules
  of those Paid Services.

  Quackpad may, in its sole discretion, modify the functionality of, or
  eliminate, Paid Services, or the terms and conditions under which Paid
  Services are provided.

  Purchases of Paid Services are final and non-refundable (particularly those
  Paid Services that may be used immediately, such as Promotions, as defined
  below), except at Quackpad's sole discretion and in accordance with the rules
  governing each Paid Service. Termination of your Account or your rights under
  this Agreement may result in forfeiture of purchased Paid Services. For
  example, if your Account is suspended, you forfeit your license to any
  Premium Themes you have purchased.

  Quackpad may change its prices for Paid Services at any time. To the extent
  applicable, Quackpad will provide you reasonable notice of any such pricing
  changes by posting the new prices on or through the applicable Paid Service
  and/or by sending you an email notification. If you do not wish to pay the
  new prices, you may choose not to purchase, or to cancel, the applicable Paid
  Service prior to the change going into effect.

7. Warranty Disclaimer; Services Available on an "AS-IS" Basis

  Your access to and use of the Services or any Content is at your own risk.
  YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS"
  AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULL EXTENT
  PERMITTED BY LAW, Quackpad DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
  Quackpad makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to
  the Services, including any representation or warranty that the use of the
  Services will (a) be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in
  combination with any other hardware, software, system or data, (b) meet your
  requirements or expectations, (c) be free from errors or that defects will
  be corrected, or (d) be free of viruses or other harmful components. Quackpad
  also makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to
  Content; Subscriber Content, in particular, is provided by and is solely the
  responsibility of, the Subscribers providing that Content. No advice or
  information, whether oral or written, obtained from Quackpad or through the
  Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.

8. Time Limitation on Claims and Releases From Liability

  You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to this
  Agreement or your relationship with Quackpad must be filed within one year
  after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim is permanently barred.

  You further release, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Quackpad and its
  employees, agents, consultants, directors, shareholders, any other person or
  entity that directly or indirectly controls, is under common control with, or
  is directly or indirectly controlled by, Quackpad (the "Quackpad Affiliates")
  from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and
  consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including but not
  limited to claims of negligence), arising out of or related to the following:

    - Disputes between Subscribers, including those between you and other
      Subscribers.

    - The acts of third parties generally (i.e., individuals or entities who
      are not Quackpad or a Quackpad Affiliate), including third party sites and
      services.

    - Disputes concerning any use of or action taken using your Account by you
      or a third party.

    - Claims relating to the unauthorized access to any data communications
      relating to, or Content stored under or relating to, your Account,
      including but not limited to unauthorized interception, use, or
      alteration of such communications or your Content. For the sake of
      clarity, this includes any and all claims related to the security of your
      Account credentials.

    - Claims relating to any face-to-face meetings in any way
      related to Quackpad at any venues ("Meetups"), including without
      limitation claims related to the actions or omissions of any Subscribers
      or third parties who organize, attend, or are otherwise involved in any
      Meetups; see our Meetups page for more information. Unless otherwise
      expressly disclosed in writing, Quackpad does not sponsor, oversee, or in
      any manner control Meetups.

  If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code § 1542,
  which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor
  does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the
  release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement
  with the debtor."

9. Limitation of Liability

  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, Quackpad AND THE Quackpad
  AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR: (A) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY
  PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER; (B) LOSS OF:
  PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES; (C)
  DAMAGES RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE
  SERVICES; (D) DAMAGES RELATING TO ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY
  OR SUBSCRIBER USING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DEFAMATORY,
  OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OR CONTENT; AND/OR (E) DAMAGES IN ANY MANNER
  RELATING TO ANY CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CLAIMS, WHETHER BASED
  ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT Quackpad
  HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND FURTHER WHERE A
  REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF
  Quackpad AND THE Quackpad AFFILIATES, FOR ANY CLAIM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT,
  INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF ONE
  HUNDRED DOLLARS (US$100.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE APPLICABLE
  SERVICE(S).

10. Exclusions to Warranties and Limitation of Liability

  Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the
  exclusion/limitation of liability as set forth in Section 14, so the
  limitations above may not apply to you.

11. Termination

  Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by notifying the other
  party. Quackpad may terminate or suspend your access to or ability to use any
  and all Services immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any
  reason or no reason, including but not limited to if you breach any of the
  terms or conditions of this Agreement. In particular, Quackpad may immediately
  terminate or suspend Accounts that have been flagged for repeat copyright
  infringement.

  Upon termination of your access to or ability to use a Service, including
  but not limited to suspension of your Account on a Service, your right to
  use or access that Service and any Content will immediately cease. All
  provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination
  shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership
  provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. Termination
  of your access to and use of the Services shall not relieve you of any
  obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any
  liability that you otherwise may have to Quackpad or any third party.

12. Choice of Law and Venue

  You and Quackpad agree that we will resolve any claim or controversy at law or
  equity that arises out of this Agreement or the Services in accordance with
  this Section or as you and Quackpad otherwise agree in writing. Before
  resorting to formal dispute, we strongly encourage you to contact us to seek
  a resolution.

  Law and Forum for Legal Disputes: This Agreement shall be governed in all
  respects by the laws of the State of New York as they apply to agreements
  entered into and to be performed entirely within New York between New York
  residents, without regard to conflict of law provisions. You agree that any
  claim or dispute you may have against Quackpad must be resolved exclusively by
  a state or federal court located in New York County, New York, except as
  otherwise agreed by the parties. You agree to submit to the personal
  jurisdiction of the courts located within New York County, New York for the
  purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

  If you are (a) a United States federal, state, or local government agency or
  body, (b) using the Services in your official capacity, and (c) legally
  unable to accept the clauses in this Section, then this Section doesn't apply
  to you. For such entities, this Agreement and any related action will be
  governed by the laws of the United States of America, without regard to
  conflict of law provisions, and, in the absence of federal law and to the
  extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of New York,
  excluding choice of law.

13. Miscellaneous

  This Agreement, as modified from time to time, constitutes the entire
  agreement between you and Quackpad with respect to the subject matter hereof.
  This Agreement replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or
  agreements, written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof and
  constitutes the entire and exclusive agreement between the parties. The
  failure of either party to exercise, in any way, any right provided for
  herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any
  provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that
  provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so
  that this Agreement shall otherwise remain enforcable and in full force and
  effect. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable, or sublicensable by
  you except with Quackpad's prior written consent. Quackpad may assign this
  Agreement in whole or in part at any time without your consent. No agency,
  partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this
  Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Quackpad in any
  respect whatsoever. Any notice to Quackpad that is required or permitted by
  this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon
  receipt, when delivered in person by nationally recognized overnight courier
  or mailed by first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to
  Quackpad, Inc., 35 East 21st Street, Ground Floor, New York, NY, 10010, Attn:
  Legal Department.

14. Special Provisions for Subscribers Located Outside of the United States

  Quackpad provides global products and services and enables a global community
  for individuals to share and follow the things they love. Quackpad's servers
  and operations are, however, located in the United States, and Quackpad's
  policies and procedures are based on United States law. As such, the
  following provisions apply specifically to Subscribers located outside of the
  United States: (1) you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of
  your information, including but not limited to Subscriber Content and any
  personal information, to and in the United States and/or other countries;
  and (2) if you are using the Services from a country embargoed by the United
  States, or are on the United States Treasury Department's list of "Specially
  Designated Nationals," you agree that you will not engage in financial
  transactions, or conduct any commercial activities using or through the
  Services (for example, purchasing Premium Themes).

Link to Prior Versions

    You will find prior versions of our Terms of Service on GitHub, which will
    allow you to compare historical versions and see which terms have been
    updated:

    http://github.com/nickgrossman/quackpad-policy/commits/master/terms-of-service.txt
